# RDFGraphGPT :spider_web:
_This project extends the [Graph GPT project](https://github.com/varunshenoy/GraphGPT) with different approaches in the type of output and the interaction with the originated graph._
# Natural Language -> RDF -> Graph
## Main functionality
* RDFGraphGPT can be used as follows: the user inserts any natural language text and obtains an RDF graph visualization.
* The rdf will be stored in a chosen file so it can be used later either for extend it or for graphing it in another time.
* Note that the resultant rdf file is generated by GPT (through its API) so there maight be some syntax errors. If any syntax problem is encountered at the moment of the graph visualization, the app will solicitate the user to analyze the rdf and edit it in order to garph it. Don't worry, the error is shown so you can fix it quickly 😉.
## Other Functionalities
* You can extend an existing rdf document only by choosing it and adding the information you want in the "Extender RDF existente" section. This functionality is also achived by using GPTs API, and as in the main functioality, this changes will be stored in the selected document and you will be able to see the graph visualiization in that moment.
* You can graph an existing rdf document by choosing it in the "Graficar un archivo RDF" section.
## SetUp
1. _First of all, you will need to have a Python 3.9+ version and [poetry](https://python-poetry.org/docs/) installed_.
2. _Make sure you have an [OpenAI API key](https://platform.openai.com/account/api-keys). You need it to interact with the GPT API._
3. _Once you cloned this project, make sure you are on the "main" branch._
4. _Standing on "RDFGraphGPT/RDFGraphGPT" folder:
  4.1. Run `poetry install`. This should install all the dependencies._
  4.2. _Create a .env file and declare this enviroment variable: `OPENAI_API_KEY='<the value of the API key you obtained>'`._
  4.3. _Run `poetry shell` and then `flask --app index run`. Now RDFGraphGPT is running on your computer 🎊._
